Okay,
guys,
we're looking good.
So far,
we have a title or formatted merged incented.
We have the headings for all of our data.
Turn start entering some data.
And now I'm going to fast forward through some of this on.
I'm just gonna pause and then show you some useful tricks as we go.
So I'm just gonna pause for a second while I type some of these things in and I'll come
back to you when there's something interesting for you to say.
Okay.
Just got a bunch of fruits and veggies all listed here.
Okay,
We're just type in some mawr.
Veg is in here.
Okay?
No,
at the moment we've got apples,
oranges,
bananas,
coconuts,
potatoes and lettuce.
Now,
the first thing that I want you to notice is if I if,
for argument's sake,
we want to sell plums in our shop assumes they're type P.
Excel is immediately gonna look up all the data above it to see through is another p in
there.
No,
I already spotted that we have potatoes.
So if we wanted to enter potatoes again,
just hit,
enter,
and potatoes is in there.
But we're going to say plums so excels automatically going to check all the data that
you've just entered to see if it can help you out.
If you want to actually repeat that data.
So no,
If I type p you'll see that it doesn't select anything because at the letter p it could be
potatoes or it could be plums.
So far,
it typed,
Oh,
it would automatically say,
Do you mean potatoes?
If I talked,
l it would say,
Do you mean plums?
So we're just one quick way of entrant data.
If their entries that you will repeat just type the first letter of the first couple of
letters and if it's automatically selected hit,
enter saves you typing in the whole thing,
Okay,
I'm gonna pause again and come back to you in a few seconds.
Okay?
There's the list of all the fruits and veggies that we're selling right now.
We're just going to start Topol in our sales for the day,
and we're just gonna randomly make this up so we'll say Well,
sell 745 to 5 11 Now you'll notice that I'm having to type each of these in fault.
Now,
if for argument's sake,
you have a data set.
Let me just finish this one off.
If you have a data set where you're typing the same number and repeatedly you have a few
ways of doing this,
so what you could do say,
for argument's sake,
you mention we want to enter 10 against every fruit and veg in Tuesday.
We've got a couple of ways of doing this.
We can either just type 10 in the first cell,
and you can see this little block up the bottom right hand corner.
If you hover over that until your cursor changes to the Black Cross and double click Excel
will automatically copy that value down all of the cells until it reaches the bottom of the
data.
And the way it works out where the bottom of the data is,
it looks at the cell immediately to the left and copies as far as the last entry.
A case that's woman groups.
That's one way of doing it.
There's another way of doing it.
If we want to enter the same value into all of these cells,
just highlights either.
Using your shift arrow keys,
all left.
Click with your mouse and drag over Let's just do Monday to Wednesday and Thursday.
Now let's imagine we wanted to enter nine into all of these values.
Highlights the highlight.
The range hit nine and hit control shift and enter.
And it will write that value to the entire highlighted range.
Okay,
I'm just skin new by randomly changed these to some of the values.
Just so we get some more interest in data to play with.
Let's hope some dates into here.
So say 5 to 937 Right?
Okay.
I'll just continue filling this data in on.
Then in the next lecture,
we're going to start to look a formulas.
See you in the next lecture.